{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11935205}{\*\generator Micr
osoft Word 11.0.6359;}{\info{\author me}{\operator me}{\creatim\yr2004\mo10\dy30\hr21\min24}{\revtim\yr2004\mo10\dy30\hr21\min24}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1803}{\nofchars10282}{\nofcharsws12061}{\vern24703}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11935205 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 \line }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 AnyLogs.com}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 \line SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\line \line 
NOTICE: READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE IISLOGS SERVER COMPONENT. BY INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDI
TIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.\line \line \line 1. DEFINITIONS\line \line "IISLOGS" means }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 AnyLogs.com}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 
, the website which distributes the Software and the legal owners of said website.\line \line "You\'94 and \'93Your" means the party licensing the Software hereunder.\line \line 
"Software" means the computer programs in machine readable code provided hereunder by }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 AnyLogs.com}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205  together with any documentation provided therewith.\line \line 
"Application" means a software application that you develop which incorporates the Software.\line \line \'93Website\'94
 means an Internet domain name under the identity of which web pages and data are served to an audience, and the content of said pages and data.\line \line \line 2. GRANT OF RIGHTS\line \line 2.1 General\line \line The License granted for Software un
der this Agreement authorizes You on a non-exclusive basis to use the Software. The Software is licensed, not sold to You and IISLOGS reserves all rights not expressly granted to You in this Agreement. The License is personal to You and may not be assigne
d by You to any third party. \line \line 
The Software may only be used on systems which are operating properly. If any computer system is down, the Software may be used on a backup system for that primary computer system on a temporary basis. You are permitted to mak
e one back-up copy of the Software for archival purposes\line \line 2.2 License Options\line \line Subject to the receipt by IISLOGS of the applicable license fees, You have the right use the Software as follows:\line \line 
a. Single server license. If you have purchased a single server license, you may use and install one copy of the Software on one server, owned, leased or controlled by You.\line \line 
c. Multiple server license(s). If you have purchased an multiple server license, you may use and install the software on as many computers as th
e purchased, this would include computers designated as non-production servers. For example, if the computer that has IISLOGS installed functions as a test or development computer, the IISLOGS license is no different than a computer that is in a productio
n role.}{\insrsid11935205 
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 b. Enterprise license. If you have purchased an enterprise license, you may use and install the software on as many computers as desired throughout the company that has purchased the enterprise license.\line \line 
3. EVALUATION EDITIONS\line \line 
If IISLOGS has provided Evaluation Editions of the Software to You, You may install the Software on as many computers are required to evaluate the Software until the expiration date built into the Software ("Expiration Date"). After the Expiration Date, t
he Software will cease to function unless you purchase a license from IISLOGS for use of the Software. You agree not to defeat the Software's expiration mechanism or continue using the Software beyond the Expiration Date without paying a license fee.
\line \line \line \line 4. NOTICES\line \line 
You agree to respect and not to remove, modify, obliterate, or cancel from view any copyright, trademark, confidentiality or other proprietary notice, mark or legend appearing in the Software or output generated by the Software and to reproduce an
d include same on each copy of Software.\line \line \line 5. NO REVERSE ENGINEERING; NO DERIVATIVE WORKS\line \line 
You agree not to modify, reverse engineer, adapt, disassemble or decompile the Software, or any portion thereof. You may not create derivative works based on the Software or any part thereof. \line \line \line 6. OWNERSHIP\line \line 
You acknowledge that all copies of the Software in any form are the sole property of IISLOGS. You have no right, title or interest to any such Software or copies thereof except as provided in this Agreement.\line \line \line 7. CONFIDENTIALITY\line \line 
7.1 You hereby acknowledge and agreed that the Software constitutes and contain valuable proprietary products and trade secrets of IISLOGS, embodying substantial creative efforts and confidential information, ideas, and expressions. You a
gree to treat, and take precautions to ensure that your employees and other third parties treat, the Software as confidential in accordance with the confidentiality requirements herein.\line \line 
7.2 You agree to keep confidential all confidential information discl
osed in accordance herewith, and to protect the confidentiality thereof in the same manner You protect the confidentiality of similar information and data of Your own but, without limitation exercising at least a reasonable degree of care in the protectio
n of confidential information.\line \line 
7.3 You acknowledge that the unauthorized use, transfer or disclosure of the Software will: (i) substantially diminish the value to IISLOGS of the trade secrets and other proprietary interests that are the subject of this Agr
eement; (ii) render inadequate IISLOGS's remedy at law for such unauthorized use, disclosure or transfer; and (iii) cause irreparable injury in a short period of time. If you breach Your obligations with respect to the use or confidentiality of the Softwa
re, IISLOGS shall be entitled to equitable relief to protect its interests including, but not limited to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief.\line \line \line 8. PERMITTED USES\line \line 
You may only use the Software for its intended purpose and only in the manner intended
. You may not attempt to correct any errors in the Software or do anything to modify its object or source code. You may not use the Software in such a manner that may injure the rights of any third party. You do not have any right to obtain or use the sou
rce code of the Software.\line \line \line 9. LICENSE FEES AND PAYMENT\line \line 
In consideration of the license rights granted herein, You shall pay the appropriate license fees, payable in United States funds without deductions for taxes, assessments, fees, charges or setoffs. P
ayment of all license fees is due prior to Your first installation of non Evaluation Editions of the Software.\line \line \line 10. LIMITED WARRANTY\line \line 
IISLOGS represents and warrants to You that the Software, when properly installed by You, will perform substantially as described in the website located at www.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 AnyLogs.com}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11935205 
 for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of Your initial installation of the Software. ("Warranty Period")\line \line \line 11. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF LIMITED WARRANTY\line \line IISLOGS's entire liability hereunder 
and Your exclusive remedy for any matter related hereto shall be, at IISLOGS's option, either a) return of the license fee You paid, or b) repair and replacement of the Software upon its return to IISLOGS, provided IISLOGS receives written notice from You
 during the Warranty Period of a breach of warranty. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the original Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.\line \line \line \line 12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES\line \line 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THI
S AGREEMENT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS", AND IISLOGS MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ITS FUNCTIONALITY, CONDITION, PERFORMANCE, OPERABILITY OR USE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IISLOGS DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
 
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. TH
E LIMITED WARRANTY HEREIN GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM ONE JURISDICTION TO ANOTHER.\line \line \line 13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\line \line 
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE CONSIDERATION WHICH IISLOGS IS CHARGING HEREUNDER DOE
S NOT INCLUDE ANY CONSIDERATION FOR ASSUMPTION BY IISLOGS OF THE RISK OF YOUR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WHICH MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE THAT IISLOGS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD
 PARTY FOR ANY LOSS-OF-PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF A LICENSING OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.\line \line 
The maximum liability of IISLOGS to any person, firm or corporation in connection with any license, use o
r employment of the Software, whether such liability arises from any claim based on breach or repudiation of contract, warranty, tort or otherwise, shall in no case exceed the actual price paid to IISLOGS by You for the Software whose license or use gives
 
rise to the liability. The essential purpose of this provision is to limit the potential liability of IISLOGS arising out of this Agreement and use of the Software. The parties acknowledge that the limitations set forth in this paragraph are integral to t
he amount of consideration paid herein in connection with the license of the Software and that were IISLOGS to assume any further liability other than set forth herein, such consideration would have necessity be set substantially higher.\line \line \line 
14. INDEMNIFICATION\line \line 
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold IISLOGS and its employees, agents, representatives and assigns harmless from and against any claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, costs, attorney's fees relating to or arising out of Your use of t
he Software or any breach of this Agreement.\line \line \line 15. EXPORT\line \line 
You agree that you will not export or transmit the Software or any Applications, directly or indirectly to any restricted country or in any manner that would violate United States laws and regulations.\line \line \line 16. TERMINATION\line \line 
Your license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time by destroying the Software or returning all copies of the Software to IISLOGS. Your license will terminate immediately without notice if You breach any of 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including non or incomplete payment of the license fee. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason: You will uninstall all copies of the Software; You will immediately cease and desist all use of the Soft
ware; and will return all copies of the Software to IISLOGS. \line \line You agree to indemnify IISLOGS for reasonable attorney's fees and costs in enforcing IISLOGS's rights under this Agreement.\line \line \line 17. UPDATES\line \line 
IISLOGS has the right, but no obligation, to periodically update the Software, at its complete discretion, without the consent or obligation to You or any licensee or user.\line \line \line 18. AUDIT\line \line 
You agree that IISLOGS may audit Your use of the Software for compliance with the terms of this Agreement at any time, upon reasonable notice.\line \line \line 19. INTEGRATION; WAIVER; SEVERABILITY\line \line 
This Agreement and Exhibit A, if applicable, contain the entire understanding and agreement between the parties. All prior agreements or understandings, oral or written, are superseded by this Agre
ement. This Agreement may not be supplemented, modified, amended, released or discharged except by a written instrument signed by IISLOGS. All captions and headings are for purposes of convenience and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of
 
any of its provisions. Any waiver by either party of any default or breach shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent default or breach of the same or different kind. If any provision of this Agreement is held in
valid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.\line \line \line 20. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE\line \line 
The validity, interpretation construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the St
ate of Texas. All disputes hereunder shall be resolved in the Texas State Courts of Dallas County, Texas. You hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts, and waive any jurisdiction or venue defenses otherwise available.\line \line \line 
21. TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES\line \line You are responsible for paying all sales, use, excise valuated, or other taxes or governmental charges in addition to freight, insurance, and installation charges and import or export duties.\line \line \line 
YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.}{\insrsid11935205 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid11935205 
\par }}