{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 courier new;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb100\sa100\f0\fs20\line IISLogs.com\line SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\line\line NOTICE: READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE IISLOGS SERVER COMPONENT. BY INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.\line\line\line 1. DEFINITIONS\line\line "IISLOGS" means IISLOGS.com, the website which distributes the Software and the legal owners of said website.\line\line "You\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Your" means the party licensing the Software hereunder.\line\line "Software" means the computer programs in machine readable code provided hereunder by IISLOGS.com together with any documentation provided therewith.\line\line "Application" means a software application that you develop which incorporates the Software.\line\line\ldblquote Website\rdblquote  means an Internet domain name under the identity of which web pages and data are served to an audience, and the content of said pages and data.\line\line\line 2. GRANT OF RIGHTS\line\line 2.1 General\line\line The License granted for Software under this Agreement authorizes You on a non-exclusive basis to use the Software. The Software is licensed, not sold to You and IISLOGS reserves all rights not expressly granted to You in this Agreement. The License is personal to You and may not be assigned by You to any third party. \line\line The Software may only be used on systems which are operating properly. If any computer system is down, the Software may be used on a backup system for that primary computer system on a temporary basis. You are permitted to make one back-up copy of the Software for archival purposes\line\line 2.2 License Options\line\line Subject to the receipt by IISLOGS of the applicable license fees, You have the right use the Software as follows:\line\line a. Single server license. If you have purchased a single server license, you may use and install one copy of the Software on one server, owned, leased or controlled by You.\line\line c. Multiple server license(s). If you have purchased an multiple server license, you may use and install the software on as many computers as the purchased, this would include computers designated as non-production servers. For example, if the computer that has IISLOGS installed functions as a test or development computer, the IISLOGS license is no different than a computer that is in a production role.\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 b. Enterprise license. If you have purchased an enterprise license, you may use and install the software on as many computers as desired throughout the company that has purchased the enterprise license.\line\line 3. EVALUATION EDITIONS\line\line If IISLOGS has provided Evaluation Editions of the Software to You, You may install the Software on as many computers are required to evaluate the Software until the expiration date built into the Software ("Expiration Date"). After the Expiration Date, the Software will cease to function unless you purchase a license from IISLOGS for use of the Software. You agree not to defeat the Software's expiration mechanism or continue using the Software beyond the Expiration Date without paying a license fee.\line\line\line\line 4. NOTICES\line\line You agree to respect and not to remove, modify, obliterate, or cancel from view any copyright, trademark, confidentiality or other proprietary notice, mark or legend appearing in the Software or output generated by the Software and to reproduce and include same on each copy of Software.\line\line\line 5. NO REVERSE ENGINEERING; NO DERIVATIVE WORKS\line\line You agree not to modify, reverse engineer, adapt, disassemble or decompile the Software, or any portion thereof. You may not create derivative works based on the Software or any part thereof. \line\line\line 6. OWNERSHIP\line\line You acknowledge that all copies of the Software in any form are the sole property of IISLOGS. You have no right, title or interest to any such Software or copies thereof except as provided in this Agreement.\line\line\line 7. CONFIDENTIALITY\line\line 7.1 You hereby acknowledge and agreed that the Software constitutes and contain valuable proprietary products and trade secrets of IISLOGS, embodying substantial creative efforts and confidential information, ideas, and expressions. You agree to treat, and take precautions to ensure that your employees and other third parties treat, the Software as confidential in accordance with the confidentiality requirements herein.\line\line 7.2 You agree to keep confidential all confidential information disclosed in accordance herewith, and to protect the confidentiality thereof in the same manner You protect the confidentiality of similar information and data of Your own but, without limitation exercising at least a reasonable degree of care in the protection of confidential information.\line\line 7.3 You acknowledge that the unauthorized use, transfer or disclosure of the Software will: (i) substantially diminish the value to IISLOGS of the trade secrets and other proprietary interests that are the subject of this Agreement; (ii) render inadequate IISLOGS's remedy at law for such unauthorized use, disclosure or transfer; and (iii) cause irreparable injury in a short period of time. If you breach Your obligations with respect to the use or confidentiality of the Software, IISLOGS shall be entitled to equitable relief to protect its interests including, but not limited to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief.\line\line\line 8. PERMITTED USES\line\line You may only use the Software for its intended purpose and only in the manner intended. You may not attempt to correct any errors in the Software or do anything to modify its object or source code. You may not use the Software in such a manner that may injure the rights of any third party. You do not have any right to obtain or use the source code of the Software.\line\line\line 9. LICENSE FEES AND PAYMENT\line\line In consideration of the license rights granted herein, You shall pay the appropriate license fees, payable in United States funds without deductions for taxes, assessments, fees, charges or setoffs. Payment of all license fees is due prior to Your first installation of non Evaluation Editions of the Software.\line\line\line 10. LIMITED WARRANTY\line\line IISLOGS represents and warrants to You that the Software, when properly installed by You, will perform substantially as described in the website located at www.IISLOGS.com for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of Your initial installation of the Software. ("Warranty Period")\line\line\line 11. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF LIMITED WARRANTY\line\line IISLOGS's entire liability hereunder and Your exclusive remedy for any matter related hereto shall be, at IISLOGS's option, either a) return of the license fee You paid, or b) repair and replacement of the Software upon its return to IISLOGS, provided IISLOGS receives written notice from You during the Warranty Period of a breach of warranty. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the original Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.\line\line\line\line 12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES\line\line EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS", AND IISLOGS MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ITS FUNCTIONALITY, CONDITION, PERFORMANCE, OPERABILITY OR USE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IISLOGS DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIMITED WARRANTY HEREIN GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM ONE JURISDICTION TO ANOTHER.\line\line\line 13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\line\line YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE CONSIDERATION WHICH IISLOGS IS CHARGING HEREUNDER DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY CONSIDERATION FOR ASSUMPTION BY IISLOGS OF THE RISK OF YOUR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WHICH MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE THAT IISLOGS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS-OF-PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF A LICENSING OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.\line\line The maximum liability of IISLOGS to any person, firm or corporation in connection with any license, use or employment of the Software, whether such liability arises from any claim based on breach or repudiation of contract, warranty, tort or otherwise, shall in no case exceed the actual price paid to IISLOGS by You for the Software whose license or use gives rise to the liability. The essential purpose of this provision is to limit the potential liability of IISLOGS arising out of this Agreement and use of the Software. The parties acknowledge that the limitations set forth in this paragraph are integral to the amount of consideration paid herein in connection with the license of the Software and that were IISLOGS to assume any further liability other than set forth herein, such consideration would have necessity be set substantially higher.\line\line\line 14. INDEMNIFICATION\line\line You agree to defend, indemnify and hold IISLOGS and its employees, agents, representatives and assigns harmless from and against any claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, costs, attorney's fees relating to or arising out of Your use of the Software or any breach of this Agreement.\line\line\line 15. EXPORT\line\line You agree that you will not export or transmit the Software or any Applications, directly or indirectly to any restricted country or in any manner that would violate United States laws and regulations.\line\line\line 16. TERMINATION\line\line Your license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time by destroying the Software or returning all copies of the Software to IISLOGS. Your license will terminate immediately without notice if You breach any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including non or incomplete payment of the license fee. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason: You will uninstall all copies of the Software; You will immediately cease and desist all use of the Software; and will return all copies of the Software to IISLOGS. \line\line You agree to indemnify IISLOGS for reasonable attorney's fees and costs in enforcing IISLOGS's rights under this Agreement.\line\line\line 17. UPDATES\line\line IISLOGS has the right, but no obligation, to periodically update the Software, at its complete discretion, without the consent or obligation to You or any licensee or user.\line\line\line 18. AUDIT\line\line You agree that IISLOGS may audit Your use of the Software for compliance with the terms of this Agreement at any time, upon reasonable notice.\line\line\line 19. INTEGRATION; WAIVER; SEVERABILITY\line\line This Agreement and Exhibit A, if applicable, contain the entire understanding and agreement between the parties. All prior agreements or understandings, oral or written, are superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement may not be supplemented, modified, amended, released or discharged except by a written instrument signed by IISLOGS. All captions and headings are for purposes of convenience and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions. Any waiver by either party of any default or breach shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent default or breach of the same or different kind. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.\line\line\line 20. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE\line\line The validity, interpretation construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan. All disputes hereunder shall be resolved in the State Courts of Lansing, Michigan (Ingham County). You hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts, and waive any jurisdiction or venue defenses otherwise available.\line\line\line 21. TAXES AND OTHER CHARGES\line\line You are responsible for paying all sales, use, excise valuated, or other taxes or governmental charges in addition to freight, insurance, and installation charges and import or export duties.\line\line\line YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.\f1\fs24\par
\pard\f2\fs20\par
}
 